---
layout: post
title: Projects 2020
subtitle: Computing Like A Kid
tags: [computing, bio, artproc, burroughs, fadingexpanse]
---

As a hobbyist, I'm never really sure if what I'm working on is important. But, I find these little programs I work on in my free time interesting, and I hope you do, too.

# ARTPROC
ARTPROC is kind of a Frankenstein's monster. It's pieced together from work I've done in Processing, modified BASIC sample code, and a GUI designed in with the help of QB64's InForm. Basically, the GUI exists to allow me to run any of the generative art scripts I've written with the simple click of a button. I don't know if much of the code will ever see the light of day, but I look forward to sharing images.

# BURROUGHS
When I'm not spending time with my family, I'm probably writing programs. When I'm not writing programs, I'm probably writing short fiction or poetry. BURROUGHS exists as an experiment. Written in BASIC, it uses n-grams to generate new text based on a provided input file. Currently it writes 200 word sections of prose, but I am working on expanding its capabilities to generate poems, most particularly haiku.

# FADING EXPANSE
Circa 1995 I played a game that I believe was titled "ARENA". The game was 100% text-based and used a unique menu system to allow character creation, upgrades, and battle mechanics. I'm using BASIC to program FADING EXPANSE. It is my own recreation of "ARENA", using a menu system but expanding beyond arena combat with quests and a unique endgame scenario.
